Expose environment variables and dbt variables in `ProjectConfig` (#735)
astronomer/astronomer-cosmos: docs/configuration/project-config.rst

- ``project_name`` : The name of the project. If ``dbt_project_path`` is provided, the ``project_name`` defaults to the
  folder name containing ``dbt_project.yml``. If ``dbt_project_path`` is not provided, and ``manifest_path`` is provided,
  ``project_name`` is required as the name can not be inferred from ``dbt_project_path``

> - ``dbt_vars``: A dictionary of dbt variables for the project rendering and execution. This argument overrides variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``dbt_vars``: (new in v1.3) A dictionary of dbt variables for the project rendering and execution. This argument overrides variables
```

  defined in the dbt_project.yml file. The dictionary of variables is dumped to a yaml string and passed to dbt commands
  as the --vars argument. Variables are only supported for rendering when using ``RenderConfig.LoadMode.DBT_LS`` and
  ``RenderConfig.LoadMode.CUSTOM`` load mode. Variables using `Airflow templating <https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/templates-ref.html#templates-reference>`_
  will only be rendered at execution time, not at render time.

> - ``env_vars``: A dictionary of environment variables that are used for both rendering and execution. Rendering with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``env_vars``: (new in v1.3) A dictionary of environment variables used for rendering and execution. Rendering with
```
